>> Will Sentance: All right,
let's get to making our paidUser,
here we go, here we go.
Do we have enough room?
We definitely do not.
Are we gonna still do it?
Yes.
All right, left hand side here,
Seth, what are we doing?
>> Seth: Declaring a constant, paidUser-1.
>> Will Sentance: Well done, man, yep.
And it's initially uninitialized?
>> Seth: Assign a value,
or the result of the paidUser creator,
with properties, Alissa, 8 and 25.
>> Will Sentance: Yep, perfect,
give me a second, paidUser.
>> Seth: Sorry, arguments.
>> Will Sentance: Arguments, yes, yes.
I make that mistake all the time.
I literally made that same mistake
regularly in giving this talk,
calling them properties because we
know they're gonna end up being so.
They are not properties.
At this point, they are just arguments
that are gonna go into the local
execution context, local memory.
We never assign them to something in an
object, they're definitely not properties.
If we do assign them,
they become properties.
Okay, let's create that
big old execution context.
There it is, no, we'll save a shouting
execution context to later.
So the old execution context.
Into it we go, in it's local,
this is going to be brutal.
Let's make it as wide as possible,
into it we go.
We passed in Alyssa at eight and
twenty five, into it we go folks.
Okay, what are the first
things in our local memory?
Kick us off, Susie,
calling creator with Alyssa A25, and
we go, what are our first
parameter argument combos?
Combos of argument pairings up.
>> Susie: So okay, so
we have the paidUser and
then we're-
>> Will Sentance: But before that,
we've gotta handle our arguments
going into our parameters,
so-
>> Susie: So
it's going into the function
paidUserFunctions?
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic.
Hold on, before we go into
the body of paidUserCreator,
we've gotta handle just these
inputs filling in the parameters.
>> Will Sentance: It's
an easy bit to miss.
Because it sort of seems very obvious.
But they do actually go in our local
memory as locally available names.
So now paid name is going
to be replaced by what?
>> Susie: The paid name is gonna be
replaced by-
>> Will Sentance: We pull us in our
arguments in the same order we have our
parameters, so list will be paid named,
and eight will be-
>> Susie: The paid score.
>> Will Sentance: Paid score,
and 25 will be.
>> Susie: The balance.
>> Will Sentance: Account balance,
perfect, exactly, spot on.
And so paid name, yep paid name,
and these are not properties remember,
these are just local memory stuff.
Paid name is, Alyssa remind me again,
if you remind Susie what the next one is?
>> Susie: Paid.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, paid score.
>> Susie: 20.
>> Will Sentance: Okay,
exactly and account balance.
>> Susie: It's 25.
>> Will Sentance: It's 25,
fantastic, thank you, Susie.
Okay, now we hit the body of the function.
Nick, pull me through this bit.
This is not necessarily too hard.
They're gonna tell you upfront, look,
we're using userCreator to
hopefully put Alyssa and score,
Alyssa eight on an object, get it out and
then do some fiddling with it.
But we're not doing that ourselves again
even though paid user creator has
the properties, name and score And
maybe we could add them right
now sort of using new code.
No no no why would we do that?
We've got the codes right on the name
on a score to an object over here.
So let's use that code.
And then we'll do some fiddling to
make it specific to a paid user.
So let's go and use that code.
Talk me through this first
line in paidUserCreator, Nick.
>> Nick: We're setting a const
new paidUser equal to the return,
whatever gets returned from the function
userCreator
>> Will Sentance: Perfect,
which means we got to go in?
>> Nick: We got to go in to-
>> Will Sentance: Exit, not exit,
execute- [LAUGH]
>> Nick: A new execution context.
>> Will Sentance: A new execution context,
perfect, so a new paidUser
will be the return value of calling
userCreator with what arguments?
>> Nick: With the arguments paid name-
>> Will Sentance: Which is
what in our local memory?
>> Nick: Alysa.
>> Will Sentance: Alysa,
>> Nick: And then 8.
>> Will Sentance: 8, excellent.
And then now let's create
that execution context.
There it is, and it's local memory?
>> Nick: We are setting [LAUGH]
we are setting a const new user.
>> Will Sentance: So Alyssa and Nate are
being passed in, [SOUND] to userCreator?
>> Nick: Right, as the name and score.
>> Will Sentance: As the name and score.
>> Will Sentance: Name is
going to be there for Alyssa.
>> Nick: And then score will be eight.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic man,
score will be eight.
Perfect, and now, so we're in user
creator, I know it's off to the side but
we're running it inside
of paidUserCreator.
There it is, and,
>> Nick: Then we are going to
create a new object.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic,
our new [INAUDIBLE] called new user which
is gonna be automatically what Nick?
A big old?
>> Nick: Function, or a big old object.
>> Will Sentance: A big old empty object.
What does object.create always return us,
Nick, remind us?
>> Nick: It always returns
an object with proto on it.
>> Will Sentance: Well done, an empty
object, but with a hidden property, and
what hidden property?
>> Nick: Proto.
>> Will Sentance: Proto,
which is a reference to whatever was
passed in, which in this case is?
>> Nick: Is user functions.
>> Will Sentance: User functions, so
I'm just gonna indicate that which
is user functions up here, but
that's not very good because this object,
this the one we want to be a paid user.
So we want it probably to have
access to paid user functions.
So we're probably gonna need
to change that, aren't we?
So we're using our prewritten
code to create our objects, but
it's already given us a few issues.
It's already sticking the wrong set of
functions that are gonna be available in
that object when it eventually
comes out to paiduser1.
Cuz we're gonna return into newpaiduser,
and then return it out from there
into paiduser1, but it's got the wrong
A set of functions available to it.
We wanted to have these set of functions.
And then from there,
have access to these functions.
So, we may need to switch
out this proto in a moment.
Let's have a look if we.
Looks like we're gonna do that.
Switch out this proto for
the right set of functions, okay.
But for now,
it's just helpful to be able to use.
Prewritten functionality to
get our name and score in.
In reality, there may be many
more properties we'd add, so
we wanna use this prewritten
functionality from user.
It's also good for our mental sort of
thinking about how this is laid out.
Paid user is a sub type of user, and
so it kind of makes sense to use
the code we use to create users, to create
paid users, and then mutate it a bit.
Rather than start from scratch.
Because they are related.
They're kind of hierarchically related.
It's a more specific
version of the user type.
So it's not a bad thing to create it,
it's a bit off, and then adjust it.
Okay.
Good, good, good.
So final We haven't added
the properties yet.
Help me out Chris,
add the properties to the new user
object inside of User/Creator.
By the way who have I been calling in,
behind my back so
I can't remember was it Nick or Chris?
>> Nick: You were talking to me.
>> Will Sentance: To you, Nick.
>> Nick: Yeah.
>> Will Sentance: Really,
really good by Nick, by the way.
So now we hit newuser.name.
Help me out, Nick.
>> Nick: All right,
newuser .name gets assigned.
>> Will Sentance: What's the local value,
therefore what's the local name?
>> Nick: Where do we do-
>> Will Sentance: Paid name, which was-
>> Nick: Which is Alysa.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, so
we parse Alysa into paid name and
then we parse paid name into user/creator,
that means we parse Alysa into
user/creator where it was
given the label name.
And now we've got the score property.
Help me out with this, Nick.
What's the f*cking score?
>> Nick: Eight.
>> Will Sentance: Eight.
Now we've got this lovely object here, but
it's stuck inside the execution context.
You want to get it out into paid user
creator where we can make some changes to
Andre's new label, new paid users.
How did we get it out?
>> Nick: It gets returned.
>> Will Sentance: It's returned.
Yeah, exquisite.
We return new user.
What does that mean?
It means JavaScript sees the line return
new user, and goes new user, what's that?
This object, returns the object.
Not new user label,
that gets forgotten, just the object.
Out it comes into new paid user
where We, well we have now, sorry,
we have the property Alyssa,
and score is eight, or probably,
name is Alyssa, score is 8, it still
has its proto-bond to user functions,
Seth, do we want it to directly proto-bond
to user functions, is that useful to us?
>> Seth: No way.
>> Will Sentance: No way,
thank you Seth, I appreciate You were
playing along with me the whole time,
thank you very much, I'm very grateful.
No way, that's not useful at all,
I'm with Seth.
No way.
So what are we going to do?
Now we've returned out that
object into new paid user
in that very next line, Seth.
>> Seth: We're going to assign a new
object to proto who already has it's
proto assigned to user function.
>> Will Sentance: And we're gonna
give up on that proto assignment.
We're gonna give up on
that proto assignment
not to use the functions anymore.
And we're instead gonna set new paid user.
Remember, this is just
how set prototype works.
The first thing you pass in,
you get to control its proto with
the second thing you pass in.
The first thing you pass
in was new paid user.
It then takes that new paid use of
proto and says whatever is there,
forgot about it and stick paid user
functions in there which is a link to,
let's use the purple pens so
we know it's a reference.
A link to paid user functions
which means this object which is
gonna be our paid user one is gonna have
access to Increase balance, beautiful.
But also, because paidUserfunctions,
it was given its own to use the functions.
If we looked to paidUserfunctions,
and are looking for,
say, increment, we will find it.
We won't panic when we look up for that.
And there it will be.
We're gonna see that play
out in a moment don't worry,
we're gonna see it actually play out.
What is the final thing we
wanna do to this object Seth so
that it is actually a paid user type,
what's the final thing we're gonna add?
>> Seth: Account balance.
>> Will Sentance: Account
balance property.
>> Seth: With the value of 25.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic
thank you Seth, there it is 25.
Okay let's grab that object and
Return it out, yep,
return it out into paid user.
Let's hope this paid user is
everything we want it to be.
Hopefully it has properties that
are the same as users, cuz we used
the code to produce them, it has specific
properties that are only for a paid user.
Hopefully it also has specific
functionality that's only for a paid user.
Like increasing balance.
I can't increase a balance
of a non paid user.
But it also has all
the functionality of a regular user.
That's what we hope.
All right, name is Alyssa.
Score was eight.
Returned it out.
Account balance.
Forgive my handwriting a little bit here.
Account balance is 25.
And its proto bond,
its hidden proto reference is up to?
Paid User functions.
There it is, the paid user functions,
which itself has a proto
reference up to user functions.
So now we do our all important checks.